Update onboarding-offboarding.md (#18)
kossiitkgp/docs: community/onboarding-offboarding.md

1. Make them store numbers of everyone in team

## How to re-designate Core Team Members as Executives?
1. Make all Executives the Admins of Slack workspace.
1. Add all Executive Members and Heads to the `Admins` team on GitHub org. Remove them from the `Newbies` team.
1. Ask an Owner of kossiitkgp GitHub org to change role of Executive Heads as `Owners`.
1. Make Executive Heads the Managers of the Google Group.
1. Update Contacts README on `kossiitkgp/secrets`
1. Release the names from blog/facebook page
1. Update the “Members” section on the website

## How to re-designate Executive Members as Advisors?
1. Make all Advisors the Owners of Slack workspace.

> 1. Make Executive Heads the Owners of the Google Group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Make all Advisors the Owners of the Google Group.
```
